@workspace We have migrated the project to a new environment. I am seeing a "REGISTRY ERROR: unknown" in the Cloud Drive, and we also need to build the core OS Taskbar. Act as an Elite OS Architect and execute the following:

1. Fix Error Handling (Cloud Drive):

Open FilesApp.tsx or wherever the fetchCloudFiles logic is.

Locate the catch block that sets the "unknown" error. Change it to explicitly log and display the actual error message from Supabase.

Example: catch (err: any) { console.error("Supabase Error:", err); setError(err.message || JSON.stringify(err)); }. This will help us debug if the secrets are failing.

2. Build the OS Taskbar (Taskbar.tsx):

Create a new component src/components/Taskbar.tsx.

Layout: A fixed bar at the bottom of the screen (fixed bottom-0 w-full h-12 z-[99999]). Use a glassmorphism cyberpunk aesthetic: bg-[#050505]/80 backdrop-blur-md border-t border-cyan-500/30 flex items-center justify-between px-2.

3. Taskbar Sections:

Left (Start Button): Create a glowing "M" logo or Start button using lucide-react (e.g., Hexagon or Terminal icon) with a hover effect.

Center (Active Apps): >   * Import our global Zustand store and subscribe to activeProcesses (the same one used by the Task Manager).

Map over this array. For each running app, render a sleek tab/button in the taskbar.

Include the app's icon and a truncated name. Add a bottom border glow (e.g., border-b-2 border-cyan-400) to indicate it's actively running.

Right (System Tray):

Add a real-time digital clock (e.g., 10:25 PM). Use a simple setInterval inside a useEffect to update the time every minute.

Add status icons: Wifi (Wifi icon), Battery (Battery icon).

4. Integration:

Import <Taskbar /> into Desktop.tsx (or your main OS layout component) and render it outside the main window area, ensuring it always stays on top.

Ensure the aesthetics perfectly match our MONIX OS dark cyberpunk theme. Make sure the taskbar doesn't overlap with maximized windows (adjust the desktop workspace height using calc(100vh - 3rem)).